Number: 
303i 

Title: 
Hubble Telescope Achievements 

Description: 
Identify positive accomplishments of the Hubble telescope 
since it was launched in 1991.
 
Instances: 
Documents are relevant that show the Hubble telescope has 
produced new data, better quality data than previously 
available, data that has increased human knowledge of the 
universe, or data that has led to disproving previously 
existing theories or hypotheses.  Documents limited to the 
shortcomings of the telescope would be irrelevant.  Details 
of repairs or modifications to the telescope without 
reference to positive achievements would not be relevant.

--------
Number: 
307i 

Title:
New Hydroelectric Projects 

Description: 
Identify hydroelectric projects proposed or under 
construction by country and location.  Detailed description 
of nature, extent, purpose, problems, and consequences is 
desirable.
 
Instances:
Relevant documents would contain as a minimum a clear 
statement that a hydroelectric project is planned or 
construction is under way and the location of the project.  
Renovation of existing facilities would be judged not 
relevant unless plans call for a significant increase in 
acre-feet or reservoir or a marked change in the 
environmental impact of the project.  Arguments for and 
against proposed projects are relevant as long as they are 
supported by specifics, including as a minimum the name or 
location of the project.  A statement that an individual or 
organization is for or against such projects in general 
would not be relevant.  Proposals or projects underway to 
dismantle existing facilities or drain existing reservoirs 
are not relevant, nor are articles reporting a decision to 
drop a proposed plan.

--------
Number: 
322i

Title:
International Art Crime 

Description: 
Isolate instances of fraud or embezzlement in the 
international art trade.

Instances: 
A relevant document is any report that identifies an 
instance of fraud or embezzlement in the international 
buying or selling of art objects.  Objects include 
paintings, jewelry, sculptures and any other valuable works 
of art.  Specific instances must be identified for a 
document to be relevant; generalities are not relevant.
 
--------
Number: 
326i

Title:
Ferry Sinkings  

Description: 
Any report of a ferry sinking where 100 or more people lost 
their lives.

Instances: 
To be relevant, a document must identify a ferry that has 
sunk causing the death of 100 or more humans.  It must 
identify the ferry by name or place where the sinking 
occurred.  Details of the cause of the sinking would be 
helpful but are not necessary to be relevant.  A reference 
to a ferry sinking without the number of deaths would not be 
relevant.
 
--------
Number: 
339i

Title:
Alzheimer's Drug Treatment 

Description: 
What drugs are being used in the treatment of Alzheimer's 
Disease and how successful are they?

Instances:
A relevant document should name a drug used in the treatment 
of Alzheimer's Disease and also its manufacturer, and should 
give some indication of the drug's success or failure.


--------
Number: 
347i

Title: 
Wildlife Extinction 

Description: 
The spotted owl episode in America highlighted U.S. efforts 
to prevent the extinction of wildlife species.  What is not 
well known is the effort of other countries to prevent the 
demise of species native to their countries.  What other 
countries have begun efforts to prevent such declines?

Instances: 
A relevant item will specify the country, the involved 
species, and steps taken to save the species.
 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number: 
 	352i
    
Title: 	
	British Chunnel impacts  

Description: 
	Impacts of the Chunnel - anticipated or actual - on the British 
 	economy and/or the life style of the British
 
Instances:
        In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT impacts of 
	the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
	document for EACH such  DIFFERENT impact.
	If one document discusses several such impacts, then you need
	not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
	is to identify as many DIFFERENT impacts of the sort described 
	above as possible.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number: 
	353i  
 
Title: 	
	Antarctic exploration

Description: 
	Identify systematic explorations and scientific investigations
	of Antarctica, current or planned.

Instances:
        In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT explorations
	or investigations of the sort described above as you can. Please 
	save at least one document for EACH such DIFFERENT exploration or
	investigation. 
	If one document discusses several such investigations/explorations, 
	then you need not save other documents that repeat those, since your 
	goal is to identify as many DIFFERENT investigations or explorations
	of the sort described above as possible.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number: 
	357i 
  
Title: 
	territorial waters dispute 

Description: 
	Identify documents discussing international boundary 
	disputes relevant to the 200-mile special economic 
	zones or 12-mile territorial waters subsequent to 
	the passing of the "International Convention on the 
	Law of the Sea".

Instances:
        In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT disputes of 
	the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
	document for EACH such DIFFERENT dispute. 
	If one document discusses several such disputes, then you need
	not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal is 
	to identify as many DIFFERENT disputes of the sort described
	above as possible.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number: 
	362i   

Title: 
	human smuggling 

Description: 
	Identify incidents of human smuggling.

Instances:
        In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT incidents of 
	the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
	document for EACH DIFFERENT incident of the sort described above. 
	If one document discusses several such incidents, then you 
	need not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
	is to identify DIFFERENT incidents of the sort described above.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number: 
	365i   

Title: 
	El Nino   

Description: 
	What effects have been attributed to El Nino?
 
Instances:
        In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT effects of 
	the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
	document for EACH such DIFFERENT effect. 
	If one document discusses several such effects, then you need
	not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
	is to identify as many DIFFERENT effects of the sort described 
	above as possible.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number: 
	366i 
  
Title: 
	commercial cyanide uses 

Description: 
	What are the industrial or commercial uses of 
	cyanide or its derivatives? 
 
Instances:
        In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT uses of 
	the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
	document for EACH such DIFFERENT use.
	If one document discusses several such uses, then you need not 
	save other documents that repeat those, since your goal is to
	identify as many DIFFERENT uses of the sort described above as
	possible.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number: 
	387i  
 
Title: 
	radioactive waste 

Description: 
	Identify documents that discuss effective and safe ways to 
	permanently handle long-lived radioactive wastes.
 
Instances:
        In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT ways of 
	the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
	document for EACH such DIFFERENT way.
	If one document discusses several such ways, then you need not
	not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal is
	to identify as many DIFFERENT ways of the sort described above
	as possible.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number: 
	392i  
 
Title: 
	robotics 

Description: 
	What are the applications of robotics in the world today?

Instances:
        In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT applications of 
	the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
	document for EACH such DIFFERENT application.
	If one document discusses several such applications, then you 
	need not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
	is to identify as many DIFFERENT applications of the sort described 
	above as possible.

------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

==========
==========
==========

Number: 
  408i 

Title:
  tropical storms 

Description: 
  What tropical storms (hurricanes and typhoons) have
  caused property damage and/or loss of life?

Instances:
  In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT storms of 
  the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
  document for EACH such DIFFERENT storm.
  If one document discusses several such storms, then you need
  not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
  is to identify as many DIFFERENT storms of the sort described 
  above as possible.


Number: 
  414i 

Title: 
  Cuba, sugar, imports 

Description: 
  What countries import Cuban sugar?

Instances:
  In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT countries of 
  the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
  document for EACH such DIFFERENT country.
  If one document discusses several such countries, then you need
  not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
  is to identify as many DIFFERENT countries of the sort described 
  above as possible.


Number: 
  428i 

Title: 
  declining birth rates 

Description:
  What countries other than the US and China have or have had
  a declining birth rate? 

Instances:
  In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT countries of 
  the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
  document for EACH such DIFFERENT country.
  If one document discusses several such countries, then you need
  not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
  is to identify as many DIFFERENT countries of the sort described 
  above as possible.
 

Number: 
  431i 

Title: 
  robotic technology 

Description: 
  What are the latest developments in robotic technology 
  and in its use?

Instances:
  In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT developments of 
  the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one  
  document for EACH such DIFFERENT development.
  If one document discusses several such developments, then you need
  not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
  is to identify as many DIFFERENT developments of the sort described 
  above as possible.


Number: 
  438i 

Title: 
  tourism, increase 

Description:
  What countries have experienced an increase in tourism? 

Instances:
  In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT countries of 
  the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
  document for EACH such DIFFERENT country.
  If one document discusses several such countries, then you need
  not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
  is to identify as many DIFFERENT countries of the sort described 
  above as possible.


Number:
  446i
 
Title: 
  tourists, violence 

Description: 
  In what countries have tourists been subject to
  acts of violence causing bodily harm or death?

Instances:
  In the time alloted, please find as many DIFFERENT countries of 
  the sort described above as you can. Please save at least one 
  document for EACH such DIFFERENT country.
  If one document discusses several such countries, then you need
  not save other documents that repeat those, since your goal 
  is to identify as many DIFFERENT countries of the sort described 
  above as possible.

